# Linux Documentation and Help System

### Command types (type)
A command can be one of the following:

* **Executable programs**
    * programs can be compiled binaries, such as programs written in C and C++, or programs written in scripting languages, such as the shell, Perl, Python, Ruby, and so on.
* **Shell builtin**
    * ```bash``` supports a number of commands internally called shell builtins. Shell builtins can be of four types:
         * Bourne Shell Builtins: builtin commands inherited from the Bourne Shell.
         * bash Builtins: builtins specific to bash
         * builtins for modifying shell behavior: builtins to modify shell attributes and optional behavior
         * special builtins: Builtin commands classified specially by POSIX.
* **A shell function**
    * shell functions are miniature shell scripts incorporated into the environment.
* **Alias**
    * an alias is a user defined command, usually built from other commands.

The ```type``` command can be used to identify the command type.

```console
type <command>
```

#### List of most common ```bash``` builtins


```console
compgen -b
```

To get a complete list of all shell builtin commands:
[Index of Shell Builtin Commands](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Builtin-Index.html#Builtin-Index)

### Displaying a command's location (which)
The ```which``` command can determine the location of an executable, this is helpful when more than one version of an executable program is installed on a system. The ```which``` works only for executable programs, not builtins or aliases.

```console
which <command>
```
### Getting help for shell-built in's (help)
```bash``` has a built-in help facility for each of the shell built-in commands, which can be invoked by typing ```help``` followed by the name of the shell built-in.

```console
help <command>
```


### Displaying usage information
### Man pages (man)
### Displaying appropriate commands (apropos)
### Display a brief command description (whatis)
### Program INFO (info)
